we did a fun thing today we went around
the office and we asked people who work
here to share the worst gift they got
for christmas or hanukkah these are real
Stafford's with real gifts they really
got this holiday season the worst gift I
got was this bag of moldy scones my dad
got me temporary tattoos hey I wear
pretty well my dad gave me a painting of
a man standing middle of the field the
worst gift I got is this book the
gambling addiction recovery workbook
based on a true story written by a
former gambler now I know this sounds
like something a gambling addict would
say but I'm not a gambling addict my dad
got me this book of dad jokes so that is
hilarious presents would always be felt
the worst gift I got was this t-shirt
some of my co-workers know that I have a
crush on Sofia Vergara and my name is
Gary so they made me this cardboard
cutout of Sofia Vergara's
[Applause]
hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season in a fun way by my new
book the serious goose I wrote it drew
it all of my MA goes to children's
hospitals across the country or watch
another gaming video and don't help kids
it's up to you